- [Instructor] Spring Batch is a lightweight framework
for building Java based applications
that perform batch processing.
Enterprises in every industry can complete
their business operations by using Spring Batch
to perform long running, bulk processes behind the scenes.
The framework runs on top of the JVM
and it's build on top of Spring,
so you can leverage all of Spring's capabilities within
your batch applications.
Batch processing has a long history
that dates back to the earliest days of computing.
There is a proven architecture
that can address the traditional challenges developers
face when building batch applications.
Spring Batch packages this architecture
into an easy to use framework
so that you don't have to figure out problems
that were solved 20 years ago if
you want to build a batch job.
Don't be overwhelmed by this diagram,
we'll cover the details
of each of these components within the architecture
throughout the course.
Now let's take a look at some
of the key features found in Spring Batch
that make it very attractive for developers.
Out of the box Spring Batch provides the ability
to capture the state of our batch jobs as they execute.
During execution of a job, Spring Batch writes metadata
to a job repository at various points in time,
we don't even need to write any code
to make this happen.
This is very helpful when determining
what jobs have executed, why a job has failed,
and is used to support additional batch functionality
like restarts.
In the event a job does fail Spring Batch
provides the capability
to restart the job from where we left off
based upon information about the job in the job repository.
So if we execute this job
and processing fails when reading the second chuck
of data in step two,
the entire job will be marked as failed.
So we see step two marked as failed,
and then our job ultimately has failed.
We can then use the framework to relaunch the job.
And the job will begin to execute,
skipping those steps that have executed successfully
and starting at our failed step, in this case step two.
Step two will not process the first chunk of data,
it's going to restart at the second chuck,
and here we see that it completes successfully.
At that point, both our step
and job will be marked as successfully executed
within the job repository.
Most batch jobs need to read data from some data source,
do some processing, then write the process data
to another data source.
Spring Batch provides the item reader
and item writer interfaces
to abstract this concept
and provides out of the box implementations
for consuming or writing data
to popular data sources like flat files,
relational databases, XML files, JSON files, and Kafka.
So the framework handles a lot of the heavy lifting
when it comes to reading and writing data in a batch job.
For developers using Spring Batch it's just a matter
of configuring the appropriate reader, or writer
for your data store.
I'll show you several examples of this later in the course.
Spring Batch also provides support for transactions,
primarily for the item writers found within the framework.
When an item writer writes a chuck
of data it occurs with in a transaction.
So if the first record in the chunk is written
and the second record fails,
the entire chuck of data is rolled back.
The architecture and features found within Spring Batch
address the most common challenges developers face
when building a batch job.
There really isn't a good case
for attempting to write
your own batch application on the JVM
with a custom architecture.
I'll show you how to construct jobs
using the Spring Batch framework
so you can benefit from the years
of batch architecture it conveniently packages
for Java developers.